Add release notes for Firely Server v4.3.0 (#10)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: releasenotes/releasenotes.rst

The default FHIR version of the `public Firely Server endpoint <https://server.fire.ly/>`_ is now R4.

.. _vonk_releasenotes_430:

Release 4.3.0
-------------

Feature
^^^^^^^

#. Firely Server now allows you to execute a ValueSet expansion of large ValueSets (> 500 included concepts). Previosuly, Firely Server would log an error outlining that the expansion was not possible. The appsettings now contain a setting in the Terminology section allowing to select the MaxExpansionSize.

Fix
^^^

#. Fixed a NullPointerException which occured when indexing UCUM quantities that contained more than one annotation (e.g. "{reads}/{base}").

> #. Firely Server will now check the information model of the request for conditional delete and delete requests. It was possible to accidentally delete a resource regardless across information models.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Fixed a bug where it was possible to accidentally delete a resource with a different information model then the request. Firely Server will now check the information model of the request against the information model of the resource for conditional delete and delete requests.
```

#. $subsumes returned HTTP 501 - Not implemented for a POST request (instance-level) even if the operation was enabled in the appsettings.

> #. The _type filter on $everthing and Bulk data export din't allow for resources that are not within the Patient compartment. The operations would return an empty result set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The _type filter on $everything and Bulk data export didn't allow for resources that are not within the Patient compartment. The operations would return an empty result set.
```

Reviewer: What Jira issue is this?

> #. Added a clarification to the documentation that $everthing and Bulk data export do not export Device resources by default. Even though the resource contains a reference to Patient, the corresponding compartment definition for Patient does not include Device as a linked resource. It's possible to export Device resources by adding the resource type to "AdditionalResources" settings of the operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Added a clarification to the documentation that $everything and Bulk data export do not export Device resources by default. Even though the resource contains a reference to Patient, the corresponding compartment definition for Patient does not include Device as a linked resource. It is possible to export Device resources by adding the resource type to "AdditionalResources" settings of the operations.
```

Reviewer: Maybe add link to relevant page in our documentation?
